Support for Node 18 (#2705)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: packages/hardhat-core/CHANGELOG.md

- 8076c43b: Fixed how the cummulative gas is computed for receipts and added a missing field (Thanks @ngotchac!)
- e6362902: Display similar artifact names in error output if given name is not found (#201)
- e087bd0b: Improve validation of private keys in the Hardhat config

> - aa1a0080: Fix an issue with new versions of Node.js that prevented clients from connecting to Hardhat's node using localhost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- aa1a0080: Fix an issue with new versions of Node.js that prevented clients from connecting to Hardhat's node using 127.0.0.1
```

Let's not change the changelogs, as they are useful as a record of what happened.
